# Readings: Ten Thousand Game 1

## How can the random module be utilized in Python to generate random numbers or make selections from a list, and what are some common functions available within the module?

- random(): provides a random number between 0 - 1.
- randint(): provides a random integer.
- choice(): randomly selects a element from a collection object.
- choices(): randomly selects two or more elements from a list.
- shuffle(): shuffles elements in place.
- randrange(): randomly selects an element from a given range.

## In the context of software development, what is risk analysis, and what are the key steps involved in conducting a risk analysis for a software project?

- Identification: Identify potential risks that could affect the project.

- Assessment: Evaluate the likelihood and impact of each identified risk.

- Prioritization: Prioritize risks based on their severity and potential impact.

- Mitigation Planning: Develop strategies to mitigate or manage the identified risks.

- Monitoring and Review: Continuously monitor and review risks throughout the project lifecycle.

## What is test coverage and why is it an important (or potentially misleading) metric in software testing?

A technique to ensure that your tests are testing your code or how much of your code you exercised by running the test.

## What is Big O notation, and how is it used to describe the performance of an algorithm? Give an example of an everyday task (not software related) that demonstrates O(n) time complexity.

Big O notation is used to describe the performance of an algorithm in terms of it's input size and comparability the efficiency of different algorithms.

A O(n) example would be if it took me 5 minutes to wash a car and then I need to wash 5 cars. The time it takes me to wash 5 cars would grow liner. That means it would take me 25 minutes to wash 5 cars.
