# Forms and JS Events

## Why are forms so important in web development?

They collect data from the user and allowing them to control a user interface.

## When designing a form, what are some key things to keep in mind when it comes to user experience?

Keep it simple. Ask only for the data you need. Bigger forms fustrate the user.

## List 5 form elements and explain their importance.

- action - defines the location of where the form's data should be sent.
- method - defines which HTTP method to send the data with. (usually **get** or **post**)
- label - is for data entry points
- input - is for a single-line text field.
- textarea - used for a multiline text field.

## How would you describe events to a non-technical friend?

An evet is one of the ways a website is interactive. When you click on a button and it does something, it was an event happeneing.

## When using the addEventListener() method, what 2 arguments will you need to provide?

1. a string that we want to listen for like "click" or "mouseover".
2. a function to call when the event happens.

## Describe the event object. Why is the target within the event object useful?

The event object returns an object on the event that happened. We can use or change the object information to do different things like if the alt key was pressed when clicking on a button we would do something different.

## What is the difference between event bubbling and event capturing?

bubbling and capturing is just the way an event occurs. bubbling goes from child to parent and capturing goes from parent to child. 