# HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

## Learn HTML

### To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?

To create a basic link we wrap the content in an Anchor element < a >.

### The href attribute contains what information?

The web address.

### What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?

There is a couple of ways to ensure links are accessible. One way is to let the user know if thy are about to click on a link that will cause them to download some files. Another way is to keep link text short as possible. Last and probabaly most important don't make the url the link, it looks ugly.

CSS Layout

### What is meant by “normal flow”?

It is how elements on a webpage lay out normally without any imput from css.

### What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?

Block-level elements always stack ontop of each other and the block goes all the way across the webpage. An inline element only takes up the exact amount of space needed for the content.

###  ___ positioning is the default for every html element.

Inline positioning is the default for every html element.

### Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.

It removes the element from the normal documnet flow and pretents like it doesn't exists.

It sits on it's own layer, so that we can create isolated UI features that don't interfere with the layout.


### What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?

absolute positioning fixes an element in the inital containing block and fixed positioning fixes an element inplace relative to the visable portion of the viewport.

## Learn JS


### Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.

Function declaration is assigning a fuction a name for us to "call" on it or in other words invoke it. This makes the function run. Without invoking the declared function, nothing would happen.

### What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

The are the same, just called different depending on who you ask. Paramaters are rules needed to be met in order for the function to be ran.

## Miscellaneous

### Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.

The experience is more engaging because both programmers are more focused then if they are working alone.

Learn different ways to code through your partner.