# Basics of HTML, CSS & JS

## HTML

### Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?

It is important to use semantic elements becuase it assigns a universal meaning to our text.

### How many levels of headings are there in HTML?

Their is six heading elements in HTML.

### What are some uses for the **< sup >** and **< sub >** elements?

Some uses are math problems, chemical formulas, and dates. 

### When using the **< abbr >** element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?

A *title* attribute must be added to provide the full expansion.

## CSS

### What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?

External style sheet, internal style sheet, and inline styles.

### Why should we avoid using inline styles?

It is not best practice to do so because it is the least efficient implementation of CSS for maintenance. It aslo makes HTML harder to read and understand.

### Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:

* What is representing the selector?

h2 is the selector.

* Which components are the CSS declarations?

color: black;
padding: 5px;

* Which components are considered properties?

color: and padding: are considered properties.

## JS

### What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?

String

### List 4 types of JavaScript operators.

"+,-,*,/" is addition, subtraction, multiply, division.

"=" is assignment.

"===" is strict equality.

"!, !==" is not and does-not-equal.

### Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.

openening a door
define door
define hand
move hand foward
hand grab knob
hand twist
hand pull


### An if statement checks a __ and if it evaluates to ___, then the code block will execute.

contidion, true

### What is the use of an **else if**?

it gives us more than just two options.

### List 3 different types of comparison operators.

less than <
greater than >
stict equil ===

### What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?

&& = and
|| = or