# Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.

How does one speak. 

Someone from america speaks english.

Computers speak in Hypertext Transfer Protocol

## Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.

The browser parses the html file first, then the browser looks for external css style sheets and scripts in JS. Once found the browser request the server to send any css file or js files it has found. 

## How can you find images to add to a Website?

On google you can look for images with the Creative Commons licenses.

## How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?

A sting two "" are needed co create a sting and a number is created by simply adding a number.

## What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?

Variables are containers that store values. Variables are needed to do anything dynamic in programming.

## What is an HTML attribute?

extra information about the content without appearing in the content.

## Describe the Anatomy of an HTMl element.

!docutype
html lang="en-US"
head
body
header
main
footer

## What is the Difference between < article > and < section > element tags?

Aritcle is used for entire blog posts and section is used just for a specific sections in a website. 

## What Elements does a “typical” website include?

header
nav bar
main content
sidebar
footer

## How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?

it provides search engines with information about the content on the pages.

## How is the < meta > HTML tag used when specifying metadata?

it used to descirbe the character encoding for a website. 

## What is the first step to designing a Website?

Define what you want to accomplish

## What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?

What exactly do I want to accomplish.

## Why should you use an < h1 > element over a < span > element to display a top level heading?

semantics. h1 assigns the element a "top heading" element. Span doesn't. 

## What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?

It assist others developers and its important for accessability of your website.

## Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?

making a username
playing a browser game

## How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?

by adding a script and linking the js file to the script.