# HTML Lists, Control Flow with JS, and the CSS Box Model

## Ordered and Unordered lists

### When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?

When you need a group of items that don't need a numerical ordering.

### How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?

You could change it in CSS, but to change it in HTML you could make an unordered list inside an unordered list.

### When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?

Use an ordered list when the order of the list is important. For example, step-by-step instructions need to be in order at all times.

### Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?

 By adding an attribute to the element (ol type="i")

## The Box Model

### Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?

Imagine a panting. The canvas is the content, padding is the frame of the the painting, and margin is the line on the wall that shows you exactly where you want this painting to go.

### List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.

Content, Padding, Boarder, Margin. 

## Arrays. Operators and Expressions. Conditionals. Loops.

### What data types can you store inside of an Array?

Strings, Numbers, objects, and other arrays.

### Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?

This is a valid array because it is just an array of other arrays. To access the values you would use console.log(people).

### List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.

"x = f()" is assigning a value to a variable or property. 

"x += f()" is addition or when using stings, it is concatenation.

"x -= f()" is subtraction.

"x **= f()" is exponentiation on two operands.

"x /= f()" is division on two operands.

### Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.

The result would be 10dog beacause JS would read false as 0, so 10 + 0 = 10. Therefore, 10 + dog = 10dog. JS changes a number into a string.

### Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.

When slelecting a dropdown menu to change the content of a website would use conitional statements.

### Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.

When you need to do something with every item in a collection or array. So a loop will go through each item unles told not to.