# Debugging

## Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error

Syntax errors are spelling errors in your code.
Logic errors are errors wjere the suntax is correct but the code is not what you intended it to be.

## List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.

Most recently I was pulling data using an event listener and to pull the data and push it into an array that my object was pulling information from. This wasn't throwing errors, however the data that I was grabbing in the event listiner was being pushed in the reversed order causing the code not to have a logic error. I fixed this by reversing my order on the data being pushed into the array of data.

## How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?

This topic is a huge influence, errors are a part of being a software developer. If you don't like solving errors then you have a tough road ahead of you. I am focusing on getting better at trying to resolve my issues without help, so that in the future I can be a better developer.

## How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?

It's a way to find issues in your code by going line by line, so you can try and figure out what is going wrong.

## Define what a breakpoint is.

breakpoint is a "stop right here" to your javascript. You do this by adding a debugger into the oart of your code that you want to stop.

## What is the call stack?

A call stack shows you exactly what functions have been run so far.