# Images, Color, Text

## HTML Media

### What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?

If a blind person was trying to access our website using a voice prompt.

### How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?

Add alt texts or add captions to the website.

### Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.

It is useful when the content is importnatn and the location of the content on the page is also important.

### Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.

gif is good for simple images and animations. svg is good for icons and diagrams, they can be rendered at any size.

### What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?

JPEG for the compressed file size makes it smoother running on a web page.

## Learn CSS

### Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.

The foreground is the content of the html element and simply put the background of an html element is like the back wall of the content that is inside the html element.

### Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?

First, I would look up a color pallet and try and find a pleaseing to the eye color pallet. Next I would change the main page to a lesser white so the web page is not as bright. Lastly, I would identify key areas that could use some color and use the color palet to add a little bit of color!

### What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?

I think the biggest thing to consider is, if the font you are chooing is considered one of the "websafe" fonts. These fonts are readily available on all systems and won't cause issues.

### What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?

Font-size: changes the size of the html element.

Font-weight: changes how bold the html text is.

Font-style: Used to turn italic text on or off. 

### Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.

letter-spacing will increase the space between the characters