# Class 14 Readings

## What does a CSS transform allow the developer to do to an element?

    It gives the developer an alternative way to to size, position, and change elements.

## Provide an example of a transform and how you could see that being used on a website.

    With 3D translate you could use it for a card flipping animation for a study website or a card game.

## What does a CSS transition allow the developer to do to an element?

 It allows the developer to alter the appearance and behavior of an element when it is hovered over, focused on, active, or targeted.

## How does a CSS animation differ from a CSS transition?

    Animations is used when more control is needed.

## What are some benefits to using CSS transitions on websites?

    It can add interactivity and engagement from the user of the website.

## How this topic fit in with your long-term goals?

    It directly affects me in my project beacuse I was thinking about using some CSS animations and transitions.

## What are three key factors that contribute to psychologically safe teams?

- Teams are lead with an inclusion-orientation.

- Conflict is managed directly with curiosity and care.

- The team culture nurtures learning, growth and creativity.

## Evaluate, with details, a previous professional setting (or team) you were in with regards to psychological safety.

    My previous and current job relied heavily on team work. My evaluation is conflict NEEDS to be managed with curiosity and care. Anytime when working with a team when conflict was met with anything other than curiosity and care it was snowball affect and just made the team worse as a whole. Noboy wants to be on a team that everyone yells at each other when there is conflict.

## What impact do teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety have on their company and the team members?

    It fosters happiness and a environment for growth. Noboy wants to learn, let alone try hard at a workplace that they don't like going to.