# Readings: Authentication

## What is OAuth?

It's an authorization protocol that allows third-party applications to access user data without exposing their credentials.

## Give an example of what using OAuth would look like.

When a user uses Google or Discord to log into a website.

## How does OAuth work? What are the steps that it takes to authenticate the user?

- Authorization Request: The client requests authorization from the user via a redirect to the authorization server.

- User Authentication: The user authenticates and approves the request.
Access Token Request: The client sends an access token request to the authorization server.

- Access Token Response: The authorization server sends back an access token.

- Access Protected Resource: The client uses the access token to access the protected resource.

## What is OpenID?

Authentication layer on top of OAuth which is often used together.

## What is the difference between authorization and authentication?

Authorization: granting or denying access

Authentication: verifying the user

## What is Authorization Code Flow?

Exchanges an authorization code for a token.

## What is Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)?

A mitigation tool, by adding additional security by providing the user with a PKCE

## What is Implicit Flow with Form Post?

An older OAuth flow that’s less secure, it is primarily used for single-page web applications (SPAs).

## What is Client Credentials Flow?

The client directly authenticates the itself rather than a user.

## What is Device Authorization Flow?

The user authorizing the device on another device, like a smartphone. This is only used for devices that have limited input capabilities.

## What is Resource Owner Password Flow?

User uses their username and password. This flow is generally less secure and not recommended.
