# Readings: MongoDB and Mongoose


## Fill in the chart below with five differences between SQL and NoSQL databases:

SQL: Realational Databases, vertically scalable, table-based databases, predefined schema, for defining and manipulating data.

NoSQL: non-relational/distributed database, horiontally scalable, documnet-based, dynamic schema, focused on collection of documents.

## What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?

Table based data.

## Give a real world example.

A table of cars with make, model, and color.

## What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?

A collection of documents.

## #Give a real world example.

A custoomers account on amazon that has all the users data stored on NoSQL.

## Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?

NoSQL

## Which type of database is best for scalability?

if you want to vertically scale then SQL or horizontally scale is NoSQL.

## What does SQL stand for?

Structured Query Language

## What is a relational database?

Organizes data into tables with rows and columns.

## What type of structure does a relational database work with?

Tables.

## What is a ‘schema’?

It defines the organization of data in a database.

## What is a NoSQL database?

A database that does not rely on the traditional relational database model.

## How does it work?

It is organized into collections.

## What is inside of a MongoDB database?

Collections of data.

## Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.

MongoDB beacuse it is NoSQL and NoSQL is considered more flexible.

## What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?

It lacks structure and can make data retrieval involvong multiple collections more challenging.